Robot operating systems (ROS) and similar toolchains support generating dozens of floor plans and filling them with furniture (Bipin, 2018; AWS RoboMaker, 2021). These services streamline experimentation, allowing the research to focus on the patient requirements versus simulation infrastructure. The study will use these capabilities to verify the AI/ML CV process across a reproducible gradient of character properties (e.g., weight from 80 to 500 lbs and age between 30 to 120 years).

hemodialysis 

RQ1
What is the effectiveness of autonomous assistants for hemodialysis in elderly and special needs care organizations? Can the monitoring process reliably predict that the patient will fall? The humanoid and physics engine will honor rules, such as steps until the fall is proportional to the character’s weight and height. Can the process learn these rules and demonstrate the generalizability to more specific medical situations?
RQ2
	What is the efficiency of autonomous assistances for hemodialysis in noisy and dynamic environments? The virtual patient can freely roam within their residence and modify the environment, such as moving furniture and turning off lights. How much is reliability impacted?


There are two research questions the study seeks to address. First, how effective is automation for hemodialysis in elderly and special needs care organizations? Can the monitoring process reliably predict that the patient will fall? The humanoid and physics engine will honor rules, such as steps until the fall is proportional to the character’s weight and height. Can the process learn these rules and demonstrate the generalizability to more specific medical situations? Second, what is the efficiency of automated assistants for hemodialysis in noisy and dynamic environments? The virtual patient can freely roam within their residence and modify the environment, such as moving furniture and turning off lights. How much is reliability impacted? The experiments attempt to measure both aspects using the artifacts agents. Additional controls such as smoke and light levels will influence the scenes to increase noise for the virtual cameras. Using real humans, it would be challenging to safely and reliable test these environments. However, the study doesn’t attempt to prove that this approach is superior to traditional methods in the physical space.